TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## Now

- [x] Setup `volunteerNowLink`
- [x] Setup `currentVacanciesLink`
- [x] sayo on testimonials: use correct picture
- [x] favicon in white background
- [x] our initiatives on homepage: title should have the same height
- [x] home slider: tap to slide
- [x] testimonials: tap to slide
- [x] our partners: livewire, add their logo
- [x] make bot and testimonials slide height of the longest slide
- [x] Problem and stats design: Tosin and Wisdom
- [x] Monthly donations
- [x] use axios for FE fetch so as to avoid using `error: any` in code
- [x] clicking on header link should make it active
- [x] update picture in our history with picture collage of Tosin's mum: Tosin
- [x] clean up unused images
- [x] bot slider in who we are active should be bigger
- [x] Resources data: Fetch and show with pagination
      - [x] show resources on prod / dev by tag: process.env.NODE_ENV
      - [x] fetch resources to show by `categoryId`
      - [x] pagination
      - [x] caching
      - [x] no resources found
- [x] Activities Single Page: Fetch and show single activity
- [x] not found route design
- [x] Activities: Fetch and show with pagination
- [x] Blog: show with pagination
- [x] Upload content images to WordPress and render with `ContentImage` component
- [x] images taking long to load
- [x] Donations with Flutterwave
- [x] Clean up for PayStack in code and Vercel env variables
- [ ] email service: switch to Mailchimp
- [ ] gender equalities & reduced inequalities: mix of men and women

## Pre Deployment

- [ ] Configure `NEXT_PUBLIC_FLUTTERWAVE_PUBLIC_KEY` and `FLUTTERWAVE_SECRET_KEY` for prod

## Post Deployment

- [ ] Search with Algolia
- [ ] Language selection
- [ ] Configure metadata field and OG Images

Commit message:

fix(app): fix(app): review fixes 2
- [x] updated site with google drive images
- [x] linking all pictures to WordPress

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

## Now

- [x] Setup `volunteerNowLink`
- [x] Setup `currentVacanciesLink`
- [x] sayo on testimonials: use correct picture
- [x] favicon in white background
- [x] our initiatives on homepage: title should have the same height
- [x] home slider: tap to slide
- [x] testimonials: tap to slide
- [x] our partners: livewire, add their logo
- [x] make bot and testimonials slide height of the longest slide
- [x] Problem and stats design: Tosin and Wisdom
- [x] Monthly donations
- [x] use axios for FE fetch so as to avoid using `error: any` in code
- [x] clicking on header link should make it active
- [x] update picture in our history with picture collage of Tosin's mum: Tosin
- [x] clean up unused images
- [x] bot slider in who we are active should be bigger
- [x] Resources data: Fetch and show with pagination
      - [x] show resources on prod / dev by tag: process.env.NODE_ENV
      - [x] fetch resources to show by `categoryId`
      - [x] pagination
      - [x] caching
      - [x] no resources found
- [x] Activities Single Page: Fetch and show single activity
- [x] not found route design
- [x] Activities: Fetch and show with pagination
- [x] Blog: show with pagination
- [x] Upload content images to WordPress and render with `ContentImage` component
- [x] images taking long to load
- [x] Donations with Flutterwave
- [x] Clean up for PayStack in code and Vercel env variables

- [x] 15mins caching
- [x] gender equalities & reduced inequalities: mix of men and women
- [x] updated site with google drive images
- [x] linking all pictures to Wordpress
- [ ] email service: switch to Mailchimp
- [ ] going back on the slide
- [ ] Linking to sub section in News & Events don't work

## Pre Deployment

- [ ] Configure `NEXT_PUBLIC_FLUTTERWAVE_PUBLIC_KEY` and `FLUTTERWAVE_SECRET_KEY` for prod

## Post Deployment

- [ ] Search with Algolia
- [ ] Language selection
- [ ] Configure metadata field and OG Images
